hello to all friends subscribers of the
alc trade channel and I'm 86 in
this new video I bring you the unboxing
of the one plus one drone in the
quadrocopters this they put the
sale on April 1
many people thought it was a joke
but it did not finally go on sale I
I bought it thinking it would be bigger
but then I realized that it was
little girl so we're not going to open it
I just received it and see what it is
that this quadrocopters offers us
little toy so to speak but
good since I bought it at least in
the unboxing and show you details
I knew that the patient
and well here we have what is the super
quadripopter of one plus one that of r1
here you can see it is pretty tiny
only weighs about 12 grams comes for
upload it via usb I understand that
the battery is tiny of only 1000
milliamp about 100,000 pawns sorry
here come some options of what
brings more or less endurance in flight about 5
8 minutes depending on how you use it
demos and it loads in about 20 minutes like this
that we 're not going to open it and see what it is
that offers
Y
to get it out here we have what is the
helicopter you can see in comparison
with my hand the little thing that is imagined
that will have to be removed in some way and
here in the background
we have here we have the super command
that is also pretty tiny here
you have it, let's see if we can
open
one second
when that is also pretty tiny
and well I imagine that here is for the
different options and so I have
understood you have to remove this screw
which is where the batteries of the
device and here we also have
some little things we are going to open it
let's see how we open this without breaking
here you can open
and well here what can we
find is how the
device and also comes a
small instruction manual the
screwdriver for imagine to remove
the battery cover a usb charger and
some spare propellers as you can
see around here so nothing let's see if
we got the pot out of here
a little entertaining and now in mind
this removed as I teach that such is
good once you have achieved
take out the gadget here you can see how
has the entry to load it with the
microusb cable the power button and
turn off and nothing is a very very device
light very tiny and here in command
Well, we will simply have to extract
with the screwdriver that brings the lid
back put two piles of these from the
finite and would be ready to work
to make it work you have to leave it
clicking here
you see that I would already be blinking
different colors and now therefore what
would do is turn on the command the command will
turn to the left and once
that is on, it would be ready
to take off
so nothing we go if I get it done
take off until later